good we end up for a little video
where I 'm going to do a demonstration for
play with the ps3 controller on the new
batman batman arkham city
so for that you will need of course
the game so I'm talking about the one
this crush arkham city that came out there
few days ago December 13
so this is again on the mac then
that it's been a while since
is on the consoles so for those who
would like to play with the ps3 controller
you will see in any case it is
much simpler there is not much
thing to do is all the keys
are already configured you will see you
are going to be super happy so you
download the game once you have it
game for me i'm going to show you that it
happens on bone x 10 points 8
it's my laguiole I'm looking for
a name
so once you have that try
on previous versions I do not know
not if it works but I think so
so it will take a controller
the usb cable of ps3 and that's it
so for that you activate bluetooth
hop you see here except that nothing is
switched on then you plug your cable
on the mac and you plug the controller
then you will see that the bottom controller is
flash what is normal is
that she is charging so as in my
video
one of my first videos the process
exactly the same you press the
ps button of the joystick you stay
pressed on it and you unplug the cable
usb and watch how bluetooth has
reacted too little carrick puts himself that wants
to say that it's normal
and there you see that playstation 3
controller so there the seers of mamad
is no longer lights at all I believe
that can happen that come on
I am patient but slow that everything
so goes off once you have
do this you run the game
so for those who wish you
can change the graphics it goes
no problem I left everything at
minimum but you can put them
maybe not at the maximum but
improve and that's it the game launches and
here and you will see that the game is going
directly detect your controller and go
not you proposed to press enter
on the keyboard
but of course
star I believe or believe
star up
I
and that's it and you see that bahia
the buttons the bear and buttons the
xbox 360 but it works as well
it's the radioactive crau with roy I
do I select same thing
taklha
so for the future I will make you
maybe a video also of dunes
wait and see you campus everything she
added while altered the place by where
the ball came back from the court as well
that on the impact herlin up so a whole
and already nothing to do you are no longer
to play
he does not need to type very well
nothing of a bad being it is healthy fourmiz
it is that
So here she is seeking hop on
is there I can make you the game too
so here
and for the future I will perhaps make you
a video wii on a motorcycle game that
looks like Pro Evolution Pro
evolution trials evolution for
evolution these monkeys and rick yes
evolution trials for those seeking
a motorcycle game
and if not after the rest will remain secret
so here I tell you see you soon
ciao